Update the README.md install steps (#18)
coilhq/tigerbeetle-node: README.md

# tigerbeetle-node

> [TigerBeetle](https://github.com/coilhq/tigerbeetle) client for NodeJS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[TigerBeetle](https://github.com/coilhq/tigerbeetle) client for Node.js.
```

## Installation

> The follow steps will install the `tigerbeetle-node` Node library to your local.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps will install the `tigerbeetle-node` module to your current working directory.
```

### Prerequisites 

* NodeJS >= `14.0.0`. _(If the correct version is not installed, an installation error will occur)_ 

> Your operating system should be Linux (kernel >= v5.6) or macOS. Windows support is not yet available but is in the works.

> > Ensure you are not currently in the project (tigerbeetle-node) directory, but the `parent` directory instead;

Reviewer: Did you run into this @koekiebox ? I think we can skip this as a prerequisite, since we do already explain that the module will be installed to the current working directory, and this is how these particular package managers work.

Author: @jorangreef  I tried installing via `npm install .`, but the installer assumes you are in the parent directory due to postinstall "see below". 

# Error `npm`:
```
npm ERR! command sh -c ./scripts/postinstall.sh
```

# Error `yarn`:
```
➤ YN0000: ┌ Resolution step
➤ YN0000: └ Completed in 0s 605ms
➤ YN0000: ┌ Fetch step
➤ YN0013: │ @types/node@npm:14.17.20 can't be found in the cache and will be fetched from the remote registry
```

```

## Usage

> A client needs to be configured with a `cluster_id` and `replica_addresses`. 

Reviewer: Thanks for fixing the line lengths here!
